update docs for provisioning policy matching (#5028)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/reference/pages/provisioning/policies.adoc

== Common policy parameters

> The matchBehavior action is a boolean control that determines how the optional parameters will be evaluated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The matchBehavior action is a Boolean control that determines how optional parameters will be evaluated.
```

> ALL_PARAMETERS::
>     All defined parameters must match (AND Boolean logic) for the policy to apply.
> ANY_PARAMETERS::
>     Any defined parameters can match (OR Boolean logic) for the policy to apply.
> NO_PARAMETERS::
>     No defined parameters can match (opposite of ANY_PARAMETERS) for the policy to apply.

Reviewer: Probably a nitpick, but I think "Boolean \<operator\> logic" would be a bit clearer.

```suggestion
ALL_PARAMETERS::
    The policy applies when all defined parameters match (Boolean AND logic).
ANY_PARAMETERS::
    The policy applies when at least one set of defined parameters matches (Boolean OR logic).
NO_PARAMETERS::
    The policy applies when no defined parameters match (opposite of ANY_PARAMETERS).
```

> String values are assumed to be a substring match, unless the parameter is prefixed with `~` to indicate the policy should evaluate as a regular expression.

Reviewer: In this case, are we saying that any defined String parameters are looking for a substring match in other parameters by default? If so, I'd suggest the following:

```suggestion
String parameters are set to search for a substring match by default. If you want the policy to evaluate a String as a regular expression, prefix it with `~`.
```

Author: ```suggestion
String parameters are set to search for a substring match by default.
If you want the policy to evaluate a parameter against a regular expression, prefix the value with `~`.
```

> == Policy Ordering

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Policy ordering
```

> The order of matching is non-trivial.
> For negative actions (for example, DO_NO_PERSIST), evaluation stops after the first match.
> For positive actions, evaluation will continue on to check subsequent policies in the order they are listed.
> After all policies are checked, if two or more policies match, the last matched action will take precedence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The order in which parameters are matched is important.
For negative checks (for example, DO_NOT_PERSIST), evaluation stops after the first match found.
For positive checks, evaluation will check all policies in listed order.
After all policies are checked the system determines if a match was found.
If a match is found, the action is run.
If multiple matches are found, they are run in reverse chronological order. 
```
